Introduction
============

ChmSee is an HTML Help viewer for Unix/Linux.

Homepage: http://code.google.com/p/chmsee


Building
========

For ChmSee 2.0(1.99+), ChmSee has changed from GTK+ based application
to a xulrunner application.

Now in ChmSee, most of codes use cross-platform languages: JavaScript,
XUL, CSS. So building is unnecessary for them.

But you still need to compile a C/C++ component, it's a XPCOM
component which is used to retrieve HTML and image from packed chm
file. All source codes for this component are located in ./src
directory.

Before building, you must confirm xulrunner sdk and chmlib already
installed in your system.

Then `cd` chmsee/src directory, choose one of Makefile.${OS} files and
rename it to Makefile. If there is no proper Makefile.${OS} file for
your OS in chmsee distribution, you can create one by copying a similar
Makefile.${OS} or Makefile.sample and modify the INCLUDE and LIB
variables in it.

When the Makefile is ready, type `make` in the chmse/src directory,
the compiled XPCOM component and its xpt defines will be output to
chmsee/components directory.


Install and running
===================

You can use xulrunner sdk tool xulrunner-bin to install chmsee to any
directory you want.

For example, ChmSee source directory is ~/downloads/chmsee, and you want to
install it to ~/tools/chmsee, enter following command:

$ /usr/lib/xulrunner-14.0.1/xulrunner-bin --install-app ~/downloads/chmsee ~/tools

The ~/tools/chmsee directory will be created and contains a execute
file `chmsee`, running this file will launch ChmSee program.

If chmsee cannot launch and display a "Could not find the Mozilla
runtime." message. You need ensure that there is a "xulrunner"
directory located in the installed chmsee folder, if not, you can add
one by yourself:

$ cd ~/tools/chmsee
$ ln -s /usr/lib/xulrunner-14.0.1 xulrunner

If you have firefox installed, you can link it to firefox:

$ ln -s /usr/lib/firefox xulrunner


Report bug
==========

If you encounter any ChmSee problem, please report them to
http://code.google.com/p/chmsee/issues/entry, thanks.


About ChmSee logo
=================

ChmSee logo comes from Open Clip Art Library. The author is AJ Ashton.
http://www.openclipart.org/detail/17922
